Updated min and max aggregations. (#9437)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _aggregations/metric/maximum.md

# Maximum aggregations

The `max` metric is a single-value metric that returns the maximum value of a field.

> The `max` aggregation compares numeric fields using a `double` (double-precision) representation. Results should be considered approximate for fields containing `long` or `unsigned_long` integer values greater than 2^53, since the number of significant bits in a `double` mantissa is 53.

Author: A little bit of an edge case, but bears mentioning. Please evaluate for accuracy and ease of understanding.

> The `max` aggregation compares numeric fields using a `double` (double-precision) representation. Results should be considered approximate for fields containing `long` or `unsigned_long` integer values greater than 2^53, since the number of significant bits in a `double` mantissa is 53.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `max` aggregation compares numeric fields using a `double` (double-precision) representation. Results should be considered approximate for fields containing `long` or `unsigned_long` integer values greater than 2<sup>53</sup> because the number of significant bits in a `double` mantissa is 53.
```

> The `max` aggregation compares numeric fields using a `double` (double-precision) representation. Results should be considered approximate for fields containing `long` or `unsigned_long` integer values greater than 2<sup>53</sup> because the number of significant bits in a `double` mantissa is 53.

Author: @natebower Stylistic question: "... should be considered approximate ..." is grammatical. Adding "to be" makes the sentence awkward IMO -- "Results should be considered to be ..." is too many "be"s. What's the rationale for adding "to be"? Is there a style rule? Is it clearer to the intended audience? An homage to Hamlet? 😃

> The `max` aggregation compares numeric fields using a `double` (double-precision) representation. Results should be considered approximate for fields containing `long` or `unsigned_long` integer values greater than 2<sup>53</sup> because the number of significant bits in a `double` mantissa is 53.

Reviewer 2: @dwelsch-esi Fair enough. Your call 😄

{: .note}

## Parameters

> The `max` aggregation takes the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `max` aggregation takes the following parameters.
```

| Parameter | Required/Optional | Data type      | Description |
| :--       | :--               | :--            | :--         |

> | `field`   | Required          | String         | Name of the field for which the maximum is computed.    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `field`   | Required          | String         | The name of the field for which the maximum is computed.    |
```

> | `missing` | Optional          | Numeric        | Value to assign missing instances of the field. If not given, documents with missing values are omitted from the aggregation. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `missing` | Optional          | Numeric        | The value to assign missing instances of the field. If not given, documents with missing values are omitted from the aggregation. |
```

## Example

> This example finds the most expensive item --- the maximum value of the `base_unit_price` --- in the ecommerce sample data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example finds the most expensive item---the item with the maximum value of the `base_unit_price`---in the e-commerce sample data:
```

```json
GET opensearch_dashboards_sample_data_ecommerce/_search
{
  "size": 0,
  "aggs": {
    "max_base_unit_price": {
      "max": {
        "field": "products.base_unit_price"
      }
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

## Example response

> The response is as follows:

Reviewer 2: @dwelsch-esi Let's rewrite to include more context (what does the response demonstrate to the user?).

Author: ```suggestion
As shown in the following example response, the aggregation returns the maximum value of `max_base_unit_price`.
```

Reviewer 2: @dwelsch-esi Terminating colon instead of a period to introduce the example, please. Otherwise LGTM.

Author: ```suggestion
As shown in the following example response, the aggregation returns the maximum value of `products.base_unit_price`:
```

    "hits": []
  },
  "aggregations": {
    "max_base_unit_price": {
      "value": 540
    }
  }
}
```

> The aggregation name (`max_base_unit_price`) can be used as a key to retrieve the aggregation from the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the aggregation name (`max_base_unit_price`) as a key to retrieve the aggregation from the response.
```

## Missing values

> You can assign a value to missing instances of the aggregated field. See [Missing aggregations]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/aggregations/bucket/missing/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can assign a value to missing instances of the aggregated field. See [Missing aggregations]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/aggregations/bucket/missing/) for more information.
```
